README.md, before:

# Airbnb For Parking
A parking app that matches Users looking for a short-term or long-term parking spot, with people renting their parking spots. Currently, only available for San Francisco.

# Team

  - __Product Owner__: Artem Bakalov
  - __Scrum Master__: Boshika Tara
  - __Development Team Members__: Max Yazhbin, Mike Hsieh, Boshika Tara, Artem Bakalov

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    1. [Tasks](#tasks)
1. [Team](#team)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Open issues](#Open Issues)

# Usage
  

# Requirements

- node: "0.10.x"
- postgres
- ionic: "driftyco/ionic-bower#1.1.0"
- Cordova Plugins

# Development

  ### Installing Dependencies

    All the dependencies are listed in the package.json file, in the client and server folder.
    To install from within the root directory:

    ```sh
    sudo npm install -g bower
    npm install
    bower install
    ```

For working with PostgreSQL locally, get the postgres working on th local machine, to do that go to http://www.postgresql.org/download/, you will also need to install pg modules in NodeJs, you can do this by addding pg to the package.json, and running npm install pg --save.
  
  # Open Issues

  https://github.com/AirbnbForParking/AirbnbForParking/issues

Commit message:

Add git workflow information to Contributing.md

README.md, after:

# ParkHERE
A parking app that matches Users looking for a short-term or long-term parking spot, with people renting their parking spots. Currently, only available for San Francisco.

# Team

  - __Product Owner__: Artem Bakalov
  - __Scrum Master__: Boshika Tara
  - __Development Team Members__: Max Yazhbin, Mike Hsieh, Boshika Tara, Artem Bakalov

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)
    1. [Installing Dependencies](#installing-dependencies)
    1. [Tasks](#tasks)
1. [Team](#team)
1. [Contributing](#contributing)
1. [Open issues](#Open Issues)

# Usage
  

# Requirements

- node: "0.10.x"
- postgres
- ionic: "driftyco/ionic-bower#1.1.0"
- Cordova Plugins

# Development

  ### Installing Dependencies

    All the dependencies are listed in the package.json file, in the client and server folder.
    To install from within the root directory:

    ```sh
    sudo npm install -g bower
    npm install
    bower install
    ```

For working with PostgreSQL locally, get the postgres working on th local machine, to do that go to http://www.postgresql.org/download/, you will also need to install pg modules in NodeJs, you can do this by addding pg to the package.json, and running npm install pg --save.
  
  # Open Issues

  https://github.com/AirbnbForParking/AirbnbForParking/issues

# Contributing

  See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines and git workflow.
